Week 1:
I formed a group of two with William, we looked for prospective teams and floated a bit between online and offline.

Week 2: 
Joined the offline group, joined jira, brainstormed ideas for project, allocated people to join specific roles for
example frontend and backend. I got given frontend :(

Week 3:
More brainstorming, began working on project proposal, began sketching things in Miro, added some jira tickets.

Week 4:
Began sprint one, I was involved with the customer side of things, in this week I struggled heavily with learning
react, typescript, next-js and so forth. I learned a bit about Mantine components in this week.

Week 5:
Implemented components for customers to be able to browse a menu, added the functionality to call backend apis for
customers to get actual items from the backend as well as added the ability for customers to add things to cart.
Flew up to Sydney with Will for presentation that went quite well.

Week 6:
Lazy this week :( mostly spent time learning nextjs

Week 7:
Started work on customers being able to actually order items, cleaned up some code, did some more "frontendy" things,
also added the ability for a customer to request assistance. Spent a stupid amount of time debugging what I thought
was a serialization error but was actually me misrepresenting the interface. Whoops

Week8:
Last second scramble for a few things, did some backend stuff, made it so customers could actually order things,
made lists of things that could be browsable. Demo went poorly, I somehow broke authentication during the presentation,
we got a little tangled. :(

Week9:
Final stretch! Spent most of this week touching up a few things styling wise, also was drowning in homework for another
class and actual work, so I couldn't spend as much time as desired here.

Week10:
Added the ability for a customer to pay, created a way of browsing history, created a component view for tracking status
and how big the bill was. Touched a few things on the backend for authentication, did quite a lot of bug fixing,
spent a lot of time styling components to represent data, and updated the way the customer page would transmit data
to be more efficient.